My Name Is anik AO I'm a former Dutch
Diplomat amongst others I worked at our
Embassy in muscot as a deputy Ambassador
and at our Middle East desk here in the
ha given the Dutch policy um with regard
to Gaza I could no longer uh be part of
the organization that um because it was
no longer in line with my both my
professional and personal Integrity to
continue working there I wrote a lot in
the resignation letter I wrote about um
uh you know the moral standing that we
had lost the Netherlands uh for for
example has um uh refused to Define
what's going on as war crimes or
potential war crimes uh uh we have
abstained twice in the uh UN General
Assembly where it comes to the to voting
for a ceasefire we are here in the h
capital of peace and Justice um you know
all of that has has you know our
credibility has really uh uh suffered an
extreme blow and I tried to have a
conversation with the minister and and
and give a warning and it was not just
me you know stepping forward with
concerns but many people within the
organization civil servants from the
ministry of foreign foreign affairs
decided to have a sit in every week from
Thursday from 12:00 to 12:30 during
their lunch break um to uh to make clear
that uh they they still appealing for a
ceasefire it does take some courage to
to go and sit there and be part of this
last week we had an a joint uh statement
that we that we brought out brought
forward with our American uh colleagues
from State Department European
colleagues this has never happened
before that civil servants across the
Atlantic unite and and uh give this kind
of reflection back to their respective
governments so there was this Rabbi that
that published this article this week uh
stating that he didn't really totally
agree with you know our our action in in
content wise but I think was really
happy that over the fact that there were
civil servants that had the courage to
you know uh contradict government um and
he he made a reference to 4045 in which
uh civil servants generally in in this
country loyally implemented the policy
resulting in in the Netherlands being
the country where most Jews were were uh
deported make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer